docs: buildModules (#1517)
nuxt/docs: en/api/configuration-modules.md

Please see [Modules Guide](/guide/modules) for more detailed information on how they work or if interested developing your own module.
Also we have provided an official [Modules](https://github.com/nuxt-community/awesome-nuxt#modules) Section listing dozens of production ready modules made by Nuxt Community.

## `buildModules`

<div class="Alert Alert--info">

> This feature is available from Nuxt >= 2.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is available since Nuxt v2.9
```

Inverting the "from" to a since
